With Refresh button that hard refresh the page
and dark and light mode
the light mode has the same theme as dark mode but lighter version
and a How to Use This DashBoard at the bottom with a collapsable tile
and whenever the user clicks the tile a pop up appears matching the theme and a description what the
tile is and how to deciper or understnad it o take a decision and a close button in the popup
and also a disclaimer popup whenevr a user comes in it should not have a close button it should whenevr the user
agree by clicking the i understand to the terms and agreement
disclaimer should come 2 days once 
the disclaimer should be matching the theme
whenever a neew user enter i need this popup also
Cookies & Advertising Consent
We use cookies for theme preferences and performance. Our advertising partner (Adsterra) may also use cookies to show you relevant ads. You can control this below.


Allow Analytics & Advertising (Adsterra)
Accept all
Reject all
Save choices
Privacy · Cookies · Terms

at the bottom footer i need this
Data Sources: NSE India, Yahoo Finance

Analytics powered by Tradyxa Analytics Engine v1.0.0

Market data © respective owners. Tradyxa Quant Dashboard is unaffiliated with NSE or Yahoo.

Market data may be delayed up to 30 minutes. For educational use only.

Operated by Zeta Aztra Technologies (Individual Proprietorship, India)

© 2025 Zeta Aztra Technologies. All Rights Reserved.

zetaaztratech@gmail.com | Jurisdiction: Chennai, Tamil Nadu | Version: v1.0.0

Visual models and code protected under Copyright Act, 1957 (India). Unauthorized use of the Tradyxa or Zeta Aztra name, logo, or visuals is strictly prohibited.

Tradyxa Quant Dashboard is a product of Zeta Aztra Technologies (India) and is not affiliated with any other Tradyxa-named companies or domains.

Privacy Policy
·
Cookie Preferences
·
Terms of Use
·
Disclaimer
·
About

the privacy policy and cookie preference and terms of use and disclaimer and about
if a user click a page should open and describes them keep it empty will fill later
 concentric rotation conveys cyclic time without being visually loud.
